GIT NOTES:

Go to the Folder and open the cmd 

Start writing the following commands

1.git init (project name)
2.git status
3.git add .
4.git commit -m ""
5.git remote add origin ""
6.git push -u origin master
origin--->Branch name


Demo Publish Local Branch using Terminal

1.git branch
2.git status
3.git checkout dev
4.make the changes then git add
5.Then same steps


Merge a branch
1.Checkout to master branch
2.git merge branchname

when you make changes dont push directly make a pull request

if we clone the project we just do git push

master is the production bracnch
dev is for changes
we created further sub branches of developer branch
pull request tell that in which branch we have to merge the code

Scenario:
First make changes in your ev branch and then push this on github. after thsi just go the github and create pull request and select in which branch you have to change after that just add commit and create the pull request.

--->After review you can close the pull request and add comment cannot merge.

whatever we do changes on remote we do pull to get on local repository and whatever we do on local we push on github.

How to Add new Developer on Repository

We can also make restriction on branches by go on setting and select branches and add Restrictions. 


Forking:
When we don not have right of some repositories so we can fork that repo and make changes
we can make changes and can make a pull request in that it is up to that person weather he accept or not.

How to add more than one remote
git remote add (anyname) eg upstream link


Deleting a Branch:
from Local:
git branch -d branchname.

from Remote:
git branch -dr branchname.

Completely delete from remote
git push origin --delete branchname

Git Revert:
it does not delete the commit but it rever it make them as it was before but the commit are still in the log a sit create new commit and make changes in that.
git revert <hashcode>

Git Reset:

git reset --hard <commit Hash>
it will delete all the commit  after the hash

git rest --keep <commit Hash>
it will delete all the commit but keep it in the local

after remove from terminal if you pull the commit the changes come again in our repo so we have to forcefully push
git push -f origin master

REBASE:
Rebase is an alternative to merge.In maerging we combine the branches and it shows from where the branches come create a timeline but in merging it shows commit in a single line a they all are coming from the same branch.
git rebase branchname
Fast-Forward---->Simple maerge if change in any branch then other just do simple merging.
In fast forward at a moment change in single branch.


Merge Commit
when there is change in both branches then merge coomit will use in this scenrio git will create one merge commit whee the diffference of both commit will put
q+ enter ---->To come out of Terminal


